Docs 8834 service mesh architecture changes and misc pa (#99)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

The sidecar proxy enables you to bring your existing non-Mule microservices from the Kubernetes Cluster as APIs into Anypoint Platform. You can then manage these APIs within API Designer, API Manager, and Exchange. Additionally, you can monitor the health of your APIs using API analytics.

> With Anypoint Service Mesh 1.1, the mixer component is removed and its functionality is performed by the Anypoint Service Mesh Envoy filter. With the Envoy filter, requests are directly sent to the adapter, thereby minimizing additional processing.

Reviewer: Some corrections:
- The mixer has been removed by Istio, not by Anypoint Service Mesh. 
- It is not totally correct to say that the mixer functionality has been replaced with envoy filter...  I would say that the extension of the authorization mechanism is now implemented by leveraging Envoy Filters

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Because the mixer component is deprecated with Istio v1.5, the authorization mechanism aspect of the mixer  is now implemented by leveraging Anypoint Service Mesh Envoy filters. With the Envoy filter, requests are directly sent to the adapter, thereby minimizing additional processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because the mixer component is deprecated in Istio v1.5 and later, the authorization mechanism aspect of the mixer is now implemented by leveraging Anypoint Service Mesh Envoy filters. With the Envoy filter, requests are sent directly to the adapter, thereby minimizing additional processing.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

Author: Done! Thanks!

image::anypoint-service-mesh-architecture.png[Anypoint Service Mesh architecture]

As illustrated in the diagram, at the top of the architecture is Anypoint Platform, which brings complete lifecycle API management capabilities to the microservices built with Mule runtime engine (Mule). These Mule instances might be deployed within CloudHub, or Runtime Fabric at your location. 

Istio, which is installed on a Kubernentes Cluster, uses Envoy to manage the services using a sidecar proxy. The sidecar is responsible for any communication with the service, and resides within the same container as your service. With Anypoint Service Mesh enabled, you can continue to use Istio's native policies for traffic control and security. These policies help ensure reliable and secure service-to-service communication.

> The MuleSoft adapter connects components to Anypoint Platform. The adapter and broker enable sharing of metadata about all the services that are managed by the mesh. This allows for discovery of your existing microservices from the Kubernetes Cluster as APIs into Anypoint Platform. 

Reviewer 2: Is this the MuleSoft or the Mule adapter? I think likely the latter.
Our product is Anypoint Platform, not MuleSoft or Mule.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence refers to adapter, but the second to both adapter and broker?

Reviewer 2: guessing:
```suggestion
The Mule adapter connects components to Anypoint Platform. Along with a broker, the adapter enables all services that are managed by the mesh to share metadata, which in turn enables your existing microservices in the Kubernetes cluster to be recognized as APIs by Anypoint Platform. 
```
?
The microservices become APIs to AP?

Author: Done! Thanks!

image:service-mesh-request-flow.png[]

. The client, which might be another microservice or any Kubernetes Ingress component, sends a request to the service.

> . Envoy captures the request and redirects it to the Mule adapter using the Envoy filter.

Reviewer 2: NOTE: Mule adapter here, not MuleSoft adapter, as above.

Author: Changed to MuleSoft adapter. Done! Thanks!

+
The adapter then performs policy checks and verifications.
. When no policy violations are encountered, the request is routed to the microservice. 
. The microservice runs the service logic and sends the response back to the client.
. Periodically, the adapter communicates with Anypoint Platform asynchronously to get the latest policies and contracts.

> . Periodically, the adapter sends back the API analytics information to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 2: Why is this formatted as a task intro and steps?

Reviewer 2: "sends back" > "returns"

Author: Because they are number in the service flow diagram and I'm explaining what happens at each step.

Author: Done! Thanks!

image:service-mesh-request-flow.png[]

. The client, which might be another microservice or any Kubernetes Ingress component, sends a request to the service.
. Envoy captures the request and redirects it to the Mule adapter using the Envoy filter.

> . The adapter then sends the request to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: This is not correct. The adapter doesn't send requests to the platform. It only sends metrics.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> to perform policy checks and verifications.

Reviewer: Please rollback this change. It was correct as it was.

Author: Done! Thanks!
